Client Task:
Project: Web App / Directory for Managing Live Ad Campaigns
Overview
We are building a web-based app that functions as a directory for ad campaigns, allowing clients to log in and view all currently live ads, filter by tags, add and edit ads, as well as manage their own content plans.
Each ad in the system has multiple tags (for example: platform, campaign type, audience, etc.), allowing users to filter and showcase ads dynamically within the directory.
No API connections right now, instead we want to create a easy to use workspace that can be used instead of Google Sheets which we use now. 
Since this is a trial, we would like to make it as cheap as possible when it comes to backend etc.
We already have a fully functional prototype built in Loveable: 

In loveable, there are three pages:

The start page for the client, where all their content plans are
https://preview--ad-sheets-filter.lovable.app

Each content plan itself, with two pages/versions: Always on and Kampanjer (campaigns)
https://preview--ad-sheets-filter.lovable.app/ad-manager

3. Admin view, for us to create accounts (user name and password, one for each client to share) and content plans, as well as assign content plans. 
lovable.dev/auth-bridge?project_id=dd164507-4b16-4988-82aa-02e54f37c5d9&return_url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreview--ad-sheets-filter.lovable.app%2Fadmin




clarification:

Technical Specification (TS) Clarification Questions


The following questions are designed to gather the necessary details to move from the current project overview to a complete, actionable Technical Specification (TS) for developers.I. Functional Requirements & User Experience
Content Plans:
What attributes are required for a Content Plan itself (e.g., Client Name, Plan Status, Creation Date)?

Field Name
Description(Optional)















Ad Content Details (The 'Ad' Object):
What specific fields/attributes must each Ad object contain? Which of these fields are editable by the Client user, and which are read-only?
Fill in the table below or provide a link to an English example.
Field Name
Description(Optional)
User Editable



Tagging and Filtering:
Should the administrator be able to add new tag categories and tags via the admin panel?
A: Yes, the only admins will be us. If the client want to add something they will have to contact us. 



Will tags and tag categories be the same for all users, or will they be individual or a combination of both?
A: Tags and categories will be unique for each content plan (and also for Always on and Kampanjer/Campaigns). All users will see the same view (ads, tags, categories etc).



Content Plan Pages:
The prototype shows two versions: "Always on" and "Kampanjer (campaigns)". What is the fundamental difference in functionality or data structure between these two views?
A: The reason to this is the way our clients plan their budgets. They usually have both ads running all the time (Always on) and specific campaign periods (Campaigns). 

Since Always on and Campaigns usually have different ads, different budgets and are planned separately - they need to be in separate sheets. 

An alternative could also be that they are in the same sheet/page but are separated by this kind of field, so that you choose if you want to see all ads (Alla annonser), Always on or a specific Campaign (all options underneath Always on.



What actions can a user perform on the Content Plan page (e.g., create a new Ad, export data)?
A: Everything that one is able to do in the Loveable mock right now. Add new ads and edit existing ones as well as delete them. 


Ad Creation/Editing Flow:
Are there any required fields or validation rules that must be enforced during the Ad creation/editing process
A: We have ented maximum letters for headlines etc, and the editor must not exceed that amount of letters, or they won’t be able to save the ad. 

Apart from that there are no rules. One should be able to create an ad and finish at at a later time. 



Design Reference Template
Visit the Marketplace and select the free template for design reference
A: We really like this one:
https://marketplace.flutterflow.io/item/cNlm0zWW1Nfq11cFXBmp



Upwork contract
Is it necessary to create a new contract for this project, or is it possible to work within the Friloo contract?
A: We can use the same contract as Friloo.







tech stack:
FlutterFlow
Firebase


ad fields list:
Tags category Individual for each content plan:

Marked
Funnel step
Audience
Product



static fields:
Status
Platform
Campaign
Ad name
Media type
Landing page
Link to assets
Comments

fields based: on platform
  meta:
    Förtext/Preview text (1-5)
    Rubrik/Headline (1-5)

  snapchat:
    Rubrik/Headline (1-1)

  tiktok:
    Annonstext/Ad text (1-1)

  youtube:
    Rubrik/Headline (1-1)
    Kort rubrik/Short headline (1-1)
    Lång rubrik/Long headline (1-1)

  pinterest:
    Rubrik/Headline (1-1)
    Beskrivning/Description (1-1)



початкові сутності таблиці

users
content_plans
campaigns
ads